Oh, classmate, look at what you said, it's right
Are they all joking? Look hahaha.
These two people.
Not cute
Can you do that?
Of course no problem.
Crazy crazy, don't do it, don't do it
Your heads
Is it harder than this tree?
Hey
Don't do it. Don't do it.
Let's get out as soon as we see it
Come on, don't make me do it
Is it really my fault?
How is your granddaughter doing in Amami today?
Have you seen the young master of the Wanjia?
Yeah, I got it.
But grandpa, I seem to have missed him
What a granddaughter
You know that our next family has been facing a funding crisis recently.
Only Wanjia can save us
You must think of a way.
Okay, Yanyan, don't rush me.
I'll try again.